Website: http://m.facebook.com/dancepiration.in/m.facebook.com
Profile

Sanjay Shetty

Profile

Ms. Sneh Gupta 1

BNI Member for: 2 Years, 3 months

India > Kolkata CBD (A) > Taj
Taj-Member

Connections  

2 Testimonials

Richa saraff

Taj

Hi.. this Richa Saraff from Mmeraki - a place where wooden/metal/acrylic artefacts are handcrafted with soul used for home/office decor purpose. 
The way we handcraft our products with utmost detailing, with finesse, with compassion, with love, with responsibility, Dancepiration also in the same way crafts it's art and takes special care of it's students... whether it's a child or an adult everyone just has a smile after every session from Sneh.
Recently my brother has joined Dancepiration and is very satisfied n happy with their classes. The best part is the varoy kinds of dance forms they have to offer for all age group which doesn't even pinches ur pocket.
I highly recommend Dancepiration to all my friends, family members, clients and aquaintances..
Wish the entire team the all the best in all their future endeavors with utmost success, love n happiness in their journey ahead. Regards Richa Saraff

Abhishek Bagla

Taj

Myself Abhishek Bagla from Kiran Transport Pvt Ltd in to the category of commercial transformation in form of lorry, truck, trailor, Containor etc. 
I got the opportunity to visit Jenzura on my anniversary 
& I
Thanks Sneh Gupta⁩ for the wonderful arrangements and candle lit set up for my anniversary. Food was too delicious No normal stuffs were there all were fused with unique taste and flavour be it Italian, Mexican, Chinese any thing u order. 
My children and wife also liked the ambience and services a lot. Would recommend everyone to visit Jenjura for mouth watering and lip-smacking food.

Personal Details

My Bio

GAINS Profile

My Bio

Tops Profile

Weekly Presentations

Professional Details

Food & Beverage, Café, Café

I own a performing arts studio. We are specialised is various dance styles, Zumba, Gymnastics, Martial arts and theatres.

Dance, Gymnastics, Zumba, yoga, martial arts & theatres.

Jenzura

Training History

*Member Success Program

25/04/2026

Power Team Workshop - India

19/05/2020

Groups

The groups that you are part of will showcase on your profile

Photos

Tap to share photos with your BNI network to get to know them better.